Voice SIP headers (#3703)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/voice/sip/concepts/programmable-sip.md

## Receiving Calls From Vonage

You can use the Voice API NCCO `connect` action to connect a call to your SIP endpoints. 

> You may also send Custom SIP Headers to your SIP endpoints using the VAPI NCCO `connect` action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also send Custom SIP Headers to your SIP endpoints using the Voice API NCCO `connect` action.
```
